Add Forms 13.6.0 and 16.1.0 release notes and update licensing model page (#7351)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-forms/developer/configuration/README.md

If you want to ensure form creators always have to provide a caption, you can set the value of this setting to `true`.

### UseViewEngineFormThemeResolver

> Forms introduced an alternative `IFormThemeResolver` in 13.6 that uses the View Engine (`ICompositeViewEngine`) to resolve theme views, instead of relying on physical files to exist (and doing I/O lookups via the Partial Views file system abstraction). To take advantage of this new resolver, you can set the value of this setting to `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
Switches the `IFormThemeResolver` to use the View Engine (`ICompositeViewEngine`) to resolve theme views. This is done instead of relying on physical files to exist and doing I/O lookups via the PartialViews file system abstraction. To take advantage of this new resolver (available since 13.6), you can set the value of this setting to `true`.
```
